>>> ONE OF THE STRANGER PLOT
>>> ONE OF THE STRANGER PLOT TWISTS IS THE RETURN OF ERIK
TWISTS IS THE RETURN OF ERIK PRINCE, THE BROTHER OF BETSY
PRINCE, THE BROTHER OF BETSY DeVOS AND FOUNDER OF THE
DeVOS AND FOUNDER OF THE MERCENARY COMPANY ONCE CALLED
MERCENARY COMPANY ONCE CALLED BLACK WATER.
BLACK WATER. AFTER THE INVOLVEMENT IN
AFTER THE INVOLVEMENT IN KILLINGS OF IRAQI CIVILIANS
KILLINGS OF IRAQI CIVILIANS BROUGHT PUBLIC SCRUTINY, PRINCE
BROUGHT PUBLIC SCRUTINY, PRINCE REBRANDED THE COMPANY UNDER
REBRANDED THE COMPANY UNDER DIFFERENT NAMES AND SOLD IT OFF
DIFFERENT NAMES AND SOLD IT OFF RELOCATED TO THE UNITED ARAB
RELOCATED TO THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES AND BEGAN FRONTIER
EMIRATES AND BEGAN FRONTIER SERVICES GROUP WHICH MARKETED
SERVICES GROUP WHICH MARKETED SECURITY SERVICES TO FOREIGN
SECURITY SERVICES TO FOREIGN STATES.
STATES. THEN IN 2016 HE POPS UP HANGING
THEN IN 2016 HE POPS UP HANGING AROUND TRUMP WORLD.
AROUND TRUMP WORLD. DURING THE TRANSITION AFTER
DURING THE TRANSITION AFTER TRUMP WAS ELECTED, PRINCE WAS
TRUMP WAS ELECTED, PRINCE WAS PART OF AN EFFORT TO SET UP A
PART OF AN EFFORT TO SET UP A MEETING, MEETING THAT ACTUALLY
MEETING, MEETING THAT ACTUALLY HAPPENED WITH THE A RUSSIAN FUND
HAPPENED WITH THE A RUSSIAN FUND MANAGER IN THE SHAYEYCHELLES WHI
MANAGER IN THE SHAYEYCHELLES WHI HE TESTIFIED ABOUT THE MEETING
HE TESTIFIED ABOUT THE MEETING WAS UNCLEAR AND THERE WAS A
WAS UNCLEAR AND THERE WAS A STRANGE MEETING DURING THE
STRANGE MEETING DURING THE CAMPAIGN AT TRUMP TOWER THAT
CAMPAIGN AT TRUMP TOWER THAT SEEMS TO HAVE BEEN FORGOTTEN
SEEMS TO HAVE BEEN FORGOTTEN ABOUT.
ABOUT. AS THE "NEW YORK TIMES" REPORTED
AS THE "NEW YORK TIMES" REPORTED THREE MONTHS BEFORE THE
THREE MONTHS BEFORE THE ELECTION, DONALD TRUMP JR. MET
ELECTION, DONALD TRUMP JR. MET WITH A GULF STATE EMISSARY WHO
WITH A GULF STATE EMISSARY WHO WAS OFFERING TO HELP DONALD
WAS OFFERING TO HELP DONALD TRUMP WIN THE ELECTION.
TRUMP WIN THE ELECTION. ERIK PRINCE, THE PRIVATE
ERIK PRINCE, THE PRIVATE SECURITY CONTRACTOR AND FORMER
SECURITY CONTRACTOR AND FORMER HEAD OF BLACK WATER ARRANGED THE
HEAD OF BLACK WATER ARRANGED THE MEETING THAT TOOK PLACE AUGUST
MEETING THAT TOOK PLACE AUGUST 3rd, 2016 IN TRUMP TOWER.
3rd, 2016 IN TRUMP TOWER. APPARENTLY PRINCE DIDN’T TELL
APPARENTLY PRINCE DIDN’T TELL THE HOUSE INTEL COMMITTEE ABOUT
THE HOUSE INTEL COMMITTEE ABOUT THAT MEETING IN TRUMP TOWER
THAT MEETING IN TRUMP TOWER DURING THE CAMPAIGN AND ASKED
DURING THE CAMPAIGN AND ASKED ABOUT HIS OMISSION BY MEHDI
ABOUT HIS OMISSION BY MEHDI HASAN ON AL JAZEERA SHOW HEAD TO
HASAN ON AL JAZEERA SHOW HEAD TO HEAD.
HEAD. >> IN NOVEMBER OF 2017 YOU TOLD
>> IN NOVEMBER OF 2017 YOU TOLD CONGRESS UNDER OATH THAT YOU
CONGRESS UNDER OATH THAT YOU PLAYED NO OFFICIAL OR UNOFFICIAL
PLAYED NO OFFICIAL OR UNOFFICIAL ROLE IN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN BUT
ROLE IN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN BUT WHAT YOU DIDN’T TELL THEM IS ON
WHAT YOU DIDN’T TELL THEM IS ON AUGUST OF 2016 YOU WERE AT TRUMP
AUGUST OF 2016 YOU WERE AT TRUMP TOWER WITH DON JR., AND STEVE
TOWER WITH DON JR., AND STEVE MILLER THEN A CAMPAIGN ADVISER,
MILLER THEN A CAMPAIGN ADVISER, GEORGE NADER WHO IS A BACK
GEORGE NADER WHO IS A BACK CHANNEL TO THE SAUDIS AND
CHANNEL TO THE SAUDIS AND EMIRATES AND A CONVICTED
EMIRATES AND A CONVICTED PEDOPHILE AND JOEL ZEMMEL A
PEDOPHILE AND JOEL ZEMMEL A SOCIAL MEDIA EXPERT, HOW COME
SOCIAL MEDIA EXPERT, HOW COME YOU DIDN’T MENTION THAT MEETING
YOU DIDN’T MENTION THAT MEETING TO CONGRESS GIVEN IT IS SO
TO CONGRESS GIVEN IT IS SO RELEVANT TO THEIR INVESTIGATION.
RELEVANT TO THEIR INVESTIGATION. >> I DID, AS PART OF THE
>> I DID, AS PART OF THE INVESTIGATION, I CERTAINLY
INVESTIGATION, I CERTAINLY DISCLOSED --
DISCLOSED -- >> NOT IN THE
>> NOT IN THE TRUMP TOWER.
TRUMP TOWER. THEY SPECIFIC LIZ ASKALLY ASKED
THEY SPECIFIC LIZ ASKALLY ASKED CONTACTS YOU HAD AND YOU DIDN’T
CONTACTS YOU HAD AND YOU DIDN’T ANSWER THAT.
ANSWER THAT. >> I DON’T BELIEVE I WAS ASKED
>> I DON’T BELIEVE I WAS ASKED THAT QUESTION.
THAT QUESTION. >> YOU WERE ASKED ANY
>> YOU WERE ASKED ANY COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE CAMPAIGN
COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE CAMPAIGN AND YOU SAID APART FROM WRITING
AND YOU SAID APART FROM WRITING PAPERS AND PUTTING UP YARD
PAPERS AND PUTTING UP YARD SIGNS, YOU SAID NO.
SIGNS, YOU SAID NO. I HAVE THE TRANSCRIPT TO THE
I HAVE THE TRANSCRIPT TO THE CONVERSATION HERE.
CONVERSATION HERE. >> SURE, I MIGHT HAVE BEEN -- I
>> SURE, I MIGHT HAVE BEEN -- I THINK I WAS AT TRUMP
THINK I WAS AT TRUMP HEADQUARTERS OR THE CAMPAIGN
HEADQUARTERS OR THE CAMPAIGN HEADQUARTERS.
HEADQUARTERS. >> AUGUST 3rd, 2016, USABLE, DON
>> AUGUST 3rd, 2016, USABLE, DON JUNIOR.
JUNIOR. >> WE WERE THERE TO TALK ABOUT
>> WE WERE THERE TO TALK ABOUT IRAN POLICY.
IRAN POLICY. >> DON’T YOU THINK THAT’S
>> DON’T YOU THINK THAT’S IMPORTANT TO DISCLOSE.
IMPORTANT TO DISCLOSE. >> I DID.
>> I DID. >> YOU DIDN’T.
>> YOU DIDN’T. WE JUST WENT THROUGH THE
WE JUST WENT THROUGH THE TESTIMONY.
TESTIMONY. THERE IS NO MENTION OF THE TRUMP
THERE IS NO MENTION OF THE TRUMP TOWER IN AUGUST 2016, THERE IS
TOWER IN AUGUST 2016, THERE IS NOT.
NOT. >> I DON’T KNOW IF THEY GOT THE
>> I DON’T KNOW IF THEY GOT THE TRANSCRIPT WRONG.
TRANSCRIPT WRONG. >> THEY GOT THE TRANSCRIPT
>> THEY GOT THE TRANSCRIPT WRONG.
WRONG. >> I DON’T KNOW.
>> I DON’T KNOW. I REMEMBER --
I REMEMBER -- >> THIS IS A PROBLEM FOR YOU
>> THIS IS A PROBLEM FOR YOU BECAUSE WE KNOW ROBERT MUTTELLER
BECAUSE WE KNOW ROBERT MUTTELLER HAS GOT A LOT OF GUYS FOR LYING
HAS GOT A LOT OF GUYS FOR LYING TO THE AUTHORITIES AND NOT
TO THE AUTHORITIES AND NOT TELLING THE WHOLE TRUTH.
TELLING THE WHOLE TRUTH. IS THAT A PROBLEM NOW IF YOU
IS THAT A PROBLEM NOW IF YOU ACCIDENTLY DIDN’T TELL THEM THAT
ACCIDENTLY DIDN’T TELL THEM THAT COULD COME BACK AND HAUNT YOU?
COULD COME BACK AND HAUNT YOU? >> I FULLY CO-OPOPERATED AND
>> I FULLY CO-OPOPERATED AND HAVEN’T HEARD FROM ANYBODY IN
HAVEN’T HEARD FROM ANYBODY IN MORE THAN NINE MONTHS.
MORE THAN NINE MONTHS. >> HOUSE INTEL CHAIR ADAM SCHIFF